My name is Lakshmi Anusha. I am a 29-year-old woman. I did an MA in English and a Bachelor's in Microbiology from Andhra University. I am currently working as an HR Executive at a company named Timing Technologies, Hyderabad - India. My long term goal is to become an HR Manager at leading tech companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Netflix, Oracle, etc.

I am earning a bare minimal amount of 208 USD for the whole month, which is just sufficient to pay the rent, for groceries and other utilities. I want to increase my salary cap by getting placed in any of the companies mentioned above.

I got to know from some of my colleagues that Coursera supports enthusiastic people like me, who want to pursue education in their field of interest that can help them achieve success both in terms of knowledge growth and economic growth, by providing a financial aid. I wanted to utilize this feature as I am financially weak at this point. I will surely contribute to the Coursera community by reviewing my peers' works on time and actively participating in forum conversations.









My name is Lakshmi Anusha. I am a 29-year-old woman. I did an MA in English and a Bachelor's in Microbiology from Andhra University. I am currently working as an HR Executive at a company named Timing Technologies, Hyderabad - India. My long term goal is to become an HR Manager at leading tech companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, Netflix, Oracle etc.

However, my current skill set is limited and I seriously want to work on improving this. I recently found the specialization "Human Resource Management: HR for People Managers" on Coursera that can help me achieve my goals. It contains the following five courses.

1) Preparing to Manage Human Resources
2) Recruiting, Hiring, and Onboarding Employees
3) Managing Employee Performance
4) Managing Employee Compensation
5) Human Resources Management Capstone: HR for People Managers

I applied for financial aid for the first three courses, "Preparing to Manage Human Resources", "Recruiting, Hiring, and Onboarding Employees", "Managing Employee Performance" and completed them successfully within the timelines specified. I would like to study the fourth course, "Managing Employee Compensation", now and subsequently complete the whole specialization.











I am earning a bare minimal amount of 208 USD for the whole month which is just sufficient to pay the rent, for groceries and other utilities. My current employer does not allow reimbursement for MOOC.

I would like to increase my salary cap by getting placed in any of the companies mentioned above. Once it is increased by a significant amount I will contribute to the organization.
